Godly Strength: In addition to being the God of Thunder, Thor is also the Asgardian God of Strength.
As such he is physically the strongest of the Asgardian gods and he is said to be able to lift 100 tons. 
However, many sources classify his strength as well above 100 tons, according to his Powergrid. 
Thor has shown many feats of strength over the years and defeated or battled to a standstill many of the world’s most powerful creatures including the Midgard Serpent, the Hulk, the Silver Surfer, Namor, the Abomination, the Bi-Beast, Red Hulk, Colossus, Gladiator, and Hercules. 
Thor has also been shown be able to snap adamantium alloy cables. 
Moreover, Thor has overwhelmed a foe that he estimated to be near the Hulk in brute strength. 
He has towed the island hydrobase into New York Harbor and held up the George Washington Bridge long enough for Damage Control to fix it. 
Thor has resisted the gravity of a neutron star, has generated enough force to demolish worlds, and destroyed planets as a side effect of him fighting. 
An insane Thor (unrestrained; not under Warrior's Madness) was regarded by Eternity himself as a threat to a large fragment of the cosmic entity. 
This statement indicates that Thor's ultimate raw power at least reaches the multi-galaxy level.
Thor has also physically carried the Midgard Serpent while it was encompassing the incredible distance between Earth and Asgard, a distance described as equivalent to "endless galaxies away", thus being literally a multi-galaxy level feat.
Furthermore, Thor was able to wound a moderately fed Galactus who was in a telepathic battle with Odin by crashing into his helmet and breaking his armor. Thor even shattered the root of Yggdrasill, which spans space-time and holds the Ten Realms.
Nigh-Invulnerability: Being a god whose heritage is both half-Asgardian and half-Elder God affords Thor virtual invulnerability and immunity to any such human ailments as diseases, toxins, poisons, and highly resistant to most conventional injuries. 
Thor has been able to withstand attacks from several of the universe's most powerful beings including the powerful Asgardian Destroyer, several blasts from Odin, a multiversal skyfather, and even survived blasts from Celestials. 
Unworthy Thor has also withstood the explosion of a solar system sized ship. He has also shown immunity to lead and radiation poisoning, and he has an immunity to extreme heat and subzero temperatures.
Superhuman Speed: : Thor's superhumanly strong legs allow him to run and move at superhuman speeds far greater than that of the finest human athlete.
He is so fast that he is able to move at speeds faster than human eyes can see, and was able to create trenches before his teammates, including superhumanly fast beings like Quicksilver, could react.
Hela herself has stated that he moves at speeds beyond comprehension and moves as fast as the space winds and lighting he commands and can reach the speed of their lightning.
Godly Stamina: Thor's advanced musculature is more beyond efficient than that of a human and most other Asgardians, allowing him to sustain himself almost indefinitely without any exhaustion. 
He was capable of fighting for two years straight without food or sleep. Using the Belt of Strength also doubles his stamina to incalculable levels. 
While in the state of Warrior's Madness, Thor's stamina also increases tenfold.
Superhuman Agility : Thor's natural balance, agility, and bodily coordination are enhanced to levels that are far beyond the natural physical limits of even the finest human athlete.
Vast Energy Manipulation: Thor has the ability to manipulate vast amounts of energy, using Mjolnir he can channel the storm’s energy into blasts so powerful that he can destroy Secondary Adamantium.
Thor can also channel his godly energies through Mjolnir, creating rays powerful enough to kill even immortals.
Weather Control: Being the God of Thunder, Thor has the ability to control the elements of storms, both with and without Mjolnir..
Thor can summon and control the near-infinite powers of the storm, causing rain, wind, thunder, and lightning.
He has also the ability to create unnatural weather like fire rain, as well.
Thor has displayed, on numerous occasions, the ability to create electrical storms, hurricane winds, tornadoes, tidal waves, blizzards as well as earthquakes that have been shown to run across an entire planet.
Thor has the ability to affect the weather on a planetary wide scale.
Thor is able to stop any of the weather conditions that he creates.
Thor can also discharge lightning bolts from his hands that are lethal and raw in power, also engulfing his hands in lightning to amp his punches.
Even as a baby, he has created storms powerful enough to shake all of Yggdrasill and the Realms in its branches.
Weather Control: Being the God of Thunder, Thor has the ability to control the elements of storms, both with and without Mjolnir..
Thor can summon and control the near-infinite powers of the storm, causing rain, wind, thunder, and lightning.
He has also the ability to create unnatural weather like fire rain, as well.
Thor has displayed, on numerous occasions, the ability to create electrical storms, hurricane winds, tornadoes, tidal waves, blizzards as well as earthquakes that have been shown to run across an entire planet.
Thor has the ability to affect the weather on a planetary wide scale.
Thor is able to stop any of the weather conditions that he creates.
Thor can also discharge lightning bolts from his hands that are lethal and raw in power, also engulfing his hands in lightning to amp his punches.
Even as a baby, he has created storms powerful enough to shake all of Yggdrasill and the Realms in its branches.
Superhuman Longevity: It is a common misconception that Thor and the other Gods of Asgard are truly immortal, they do age but at a rate so slow that to other beings they give the appearance of immortality.
This is in turn enhanced by the Golden Apples of Idunn.
Superhumanly Dense Tissue: Like all Asgardians, Thor's skin, muscles, and bones are about three times denser than similar human tissue, contributing to his superhuman strength and weight.
Superhuman Senses: Thor's superhuman senses allow him to see objects as far out as the edge of the Solar System, allow him to track objects traveling faster than light, and hear cries from the other side of the planet.
Rapid Healing Factor: Thor is not invulnerable to all harm and it is possible to injure him.
But due to Thor’s Asgardian physiology he is able to heal from most injuries much faster than a human being could.
Even after extensive torture and damage, Thor managed to repeatedly regenerate his teeth, hair, eyes, and destroyed flesh and broken limbs after a short time.
Super Breath: Thor can use his breath to create hurricane force winds.
Flight: Thor has shown the ability to fly and levitate without his hammer.
Super-Advanced Vocal Cords: Thor's vocal cords are advanced enough to allow him to throw his voice in a super-human degree.
Allspeak: Also called the All-Tongue.
Thanks to the Allspeak, Thor can communicate in all of the languages of the Ten Realms, Earth's dialects, and various alien languages.
Allspeak: Also called the All-Tongue.
Thanks to the Allspeak, Thor can communicate in all of the languages of the Ten Realms, Earth's dialects, and various alien languages.
Telepathy: Even without Mjolnir's power, Thor was able to establish a telepathic link with his father and communicate with him.
Thorsleep: When Thor uses the Thorforce too greatly or too fast he needs to replenish his energies by entering the Thorsleep.
There is no definite time frame as to when he has to enter the Thorsleep or how long he has to be in it.
Having learned from his father's past experiences of being vulnerable while in the Odinsleep, Thor used a casket made by Odin's metalsmith Falki.
The casket contains enchantments that create a state between life and death to reduce the time required for the Thorsleep.
Once it has been closed from within, it cannot be broken by any force known to man or gods and can only be opened from the inside. 
While asleep in the casket in the state between life and death, Thor's mortal persona Donald Blake temporarily separates from him until he awakens again.
Expert Strategist: Thor is an excellent strategist due to centuries of combat training and experience.[citation needed]
Warrior's Madness: The Warrior's Madness also known as the Sin Unpardonable, is the most forbidden malady in Asgard by law of Odin.
Any who fall under it must pay the penalty, only the most bitter sacrifice can atone for it. The Warrior's madness enable Thor to increase his strength and stamina tenfold. Despite this, it threatens Thor's sanity.
The symptoms include berserker rage, massive headaches, mentally erratic, savage, animalistic, uncontrollable behavior, and unreasoning.
Odinsleep: After receiving the Odinforce, Thor must rest in order to recharge the Odinforce once a year.
Worthiness Enchantment: This enchantment surrounding Mjolnir prevents it from being wielded by anyone save those who have been found worthy.
Thus far, this includes Thor, the Red Norvell, Beta Ray Bill, and Captain America. To anyone else, Mjolnir cannot be lifted from the ground nor wrested from Thor’s grip. 
Those who are deemed worthy are able to wield Thor's powers.
Captain America said "I've never wielded such limitless power before!" "It's almost intoxicating!" However, after Nick Fury told him an undisclosed secret, he lost his ability of wielding Mjolnir. 
After Mjolnir is reforged, Thor became worthy again after recognizing that the struggle to become worthy allowed to become worthy again.
Transformation: When Thor was living on Earth under a mortal guise, he could use Mjolnir to transform from his Donald Blake persona into Thor and vice versa.
Thor lost this ability when this enchantment was transferred to Beta Ray Bill's hammer, Stormbreaker.
Later, Odin permanently separated the two personas.
Mystical Link: Mjolnir obeys Thor’s commands as though it were alive, and if Thor’s will is strong enough, the hammer can pass through nearly any barrier to reach him should he so chooses; Mjolnir will even return to Thor while he is in his mortal persona as Jake Olson.
Mjolnir can also transform Thor into his civilian guises.
When Thor is a civilian, the hammer most often becomes an old wooden cane.
While employing a mortal guise, Thor would transform back into his mortal form if he was separated from Mjolnir for more than 60 seconds.
Weather Control: Wielding Mjolnir grants Thor the ability to control the base elements of a storm, i.e., rain, wind, thunder, ice, snow, and more.
Flight: Thor is capable of hurling Mjolnir with great force and, by holding onto the leather thong, is capable of flying through the air at tremendous speeds.
While in an Earth-like atmosphere, Thor generally flies at Mach 32, and change course in mid-flight. He can hover in mid-air with the winds like Storm.
God-Blast: Thor is capable of channeling different amounts of his godly energies in combination with the mystical properties of Mjolnir.
These energies can be channeled through his hammer for a single massive energy beam known as the God-Blast which is able to kill even immortals. 
Thor used the God-Blast to destroy the Brain Dome of the mighty Celestial Exitar.
To do it, Thor reinforced Mjolnir with the Belt of Strength, which doubles its fortification and durability.
Mjolnir shattered from the amount of power Thor channeled. Thor used the God-Blast to defeat Surtur and Ymir. 
The God-Blast is so immensely powerful and destructive that it has proven capable of causing such a great degree of damage to a starving Galactus that he was forced to flee for his life. 
The God-Blast was able to stop the Juggernaut (Cain Marko) while he was in motion and to push him back, letting him fall into a hole. 
The God-Blast was also shown to be capable of knocking down the skymother Majeston Zelia, who absorbed the Odin-Force. 
Thor can send the God-Blast to the core of Ego the Living Planet and Alter Ego and render both comatose.
Anti-Force: Thor is capable of producing an indescribably powerful blast known as the Anti-Force which is capable of annihilating entire planets. 
Thor was able to defeat the Mangog by shooting him the Anti-Force, with Mjolnir, inside his mouth.
Thermo-Blast: Thor has the ability to produce a universe shaking Thermo-Blast capable of decimating even entire planets and beings as powerful as Ego the Living Planet.
Energy Absorption and Redirection: Thor is able to use Mjolnir to absorb energy blasts directed towards him as means of attack.
Once the energy is absorbed, Thor can redirect it back amplified towards the source.
Thor used Mjolnir to absorb the Silver Surfer's Cosmic blasts, radioactive energy, and magnetism such as Magneto's personal magnetic field. 
Mjolnir has even managed to redirect the energy of the Null Bomb, which was created to destroy all life in the Black Galaxy, the blast of which was shown as powerful enough to reignite a dying sun. 
It has also absorbed mystical energies, such as Pluto's mystic flame. The hammer was even able to absorb a portion of the mystical energies granted from every god pantheon on Earth.
Matter Manipulation: By spinning Mjolnir in a precise manner at cyclotronic speeds, Thor can manipulate matter from a molecular level to a vast scale, which allows him to create other configurations and even allows him to transmute the elements themselves.
This ability was evident when he transmuted the Absorbing Man's wood and iron body to the gas helium.
Electromagnetic Spectrum Manipulation: Thor was able to absorb and manipulate the electromagnetic energies of the Celestial Mothership.
Cosmic Energy: Mjolnir allows Thor to produce and control Cosmic Energy to an unknown limit for a variety of purposes.
Energy Sensing: Mjolnir can detect practically all types of energy. It reacts particularly strongly to evil psychic energy, and supernatural energy. 
Mjolnir can also track down the energy pattern of someone in hiding, detect any Asgardians aura by their electrons discharge, and can sense and track the energy radiating from mystical objects.
Nether World Power: Thor can use Mjolnir to tap into the power of the Nether Worlds (dark dimensions).
Teleportation: By grasping Mjolnir by the leather thong and rapidly swirling it, Thor can channel energies for the purpose of opening gateways through means of a vortex and in this vortex time has no meaning, which means he and others can pass through it to their destinations instantaneously. 
He can open gateways which allow him to travel across locations no matter how great the distance within moments or even across entire dimensions, as he does when he travels from Asgard to Earth and vice-versa. 
Thor has used Mjolnir to rip the fabric of the Universe to send Surtur and Yimir to the Death Dimension and send an entire population to Limbo, Thor can also use Mjolnir to travel through portals anywhere within the same dimension.
Transmigration of Souls: Thor's hammer has the ability to manipulate souls.
Life Force Absorption: Thor used this ability on the super villain the Presence, who was forced to surrender to prevent himself from being reduced to a lifeless husk.
Illusion Detection: Mjolnir can distinguish images, holograms, and different illusions from reality: Thor once commanded the hammer to strike the demon lord Mephisto, who was hiding among false images of himself.
Odin's Eye: a large oval screen installed in the Odinship that guides Thor through the cosmos.
Thor can command it by thought and it can reveal the secrets of the universe.
DC Comics has its own version of Thor who predates Marvel's Thor.
The traditional helmet that Thor wears was gifted to him as an adolescent from the All-Father Odin.
Thor prefers lattes to coffee.
Odin originally bestowed Thor the title of "God of Thunder" out of mocking contempt, since Thor was terrified of storms when he was a baby.
After Thor got his left arm cut off, Gwenpool stole the arm from Malekith and used it in order to lift Mjolnir.
King Thor was considered to be the official future of Thor, until an unknown entity changed that when messing with time.
In Tarot #3, the two halves of Thor merged with the halves of Namor the Sub-Mariner and Iron Man to create Sturm Meister and Gadget.
Thor became somewhat of an uncle figure to Quoi following Avengers: Celestial Quest.
Thor was ranked 1st in "The Top 50 Avengers" in 2012.
In DC Comics' Doomsday Clock #12, when Doctor Manhattan looks forward into the history of Superman, he mentions Thor and references the Hulk (as "a green behemoth") as part of an alleged event bound to happen in the year 2030 named the "Secret Crisis." 
In this story, Superman would be thrown into a brawl with Thor and Hulk, with Doomsday dying to protect him against them.
Thor was once exposed to gamma radiation and turned into a Hulk by the Intelligencia to fight Red Hulk.
His first word was "mother".
Thor in his first appearance during the golden age of comics
While his first appearance is commonly accepted to be Journey Into Mystery #83, he already previously appeared in Marvel's publications (at the time being Timely Comics), although he had a much different design back then.
